Some adjustments + VC Compat list (#1294)
nh-server/Kurisu: cogs/assistance-cmds/vccompatlists.wiiu.md

---
title: Wii U inject Compatibility list sites
help-desc: Lists various links to Wii U VC compatibility sites
aliases: compatlists
---

> You can see what games are compatibile with the Wii U/WiiVC from these sites.

Reviewer: None of these have vWii VC.
```suggestion
You can see what games are compatibile with the Wii Us Virtual Console from these sites.
```

Author: Wii and GameCube is what I meant by "WiiVC"

Reviewer: i think "Wii VC" implies vWii VC, especially with the seperation between "Wii U" and "Wii"

Author: Right

Wii:

> https://wiki.gbatemp.net/wiki/WiiU_VC_Wii_inject_compatibility_list

Reviewer: The compat lists (minus gamecube) should use the UWUVCI ones. who knows how out of date the gbatemp ones are..
